Introduce this technology into the Song people,
Set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire,
Set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire
fire, set fire,
Set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire,
Set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire,
Set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire, set fire
This guy must have taught Da Xiang Huangzi a lesson.
I'm not going to die now
It's over, it's over
I will brag until my father scolds me, right?
You thought we were going to show up
Too dead
Give it freshness
It must be the real Dahuangzi